OWIN Katana (#21484)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/owin.md

description: Discover how ASP.NET Core supports the Open Web Interface for .NET (OWIN), which allows web apps to be decoupled from web servers.
ms.author: riande
ms.custom: H1Hack27Feb2017
ms.date: 2/8/2021
no-loc: [appsettings.json, "ASP.NET Core Identity", cookie, Cookie, Blazor, "Blazor Server", "Blazor WebAssembly", "Identity", "Let's Encrypt", Razor, SignalR]
uid: fundamentals/owin
---
# Open Web Interface for .NET (OWIN) with ASP.NET Core

By [Steve Smith](https://ardalis.com/) and [Rick Anderson](https://twitter.com/RickAndMSFT)

ASP.NET Core:

* Supports the Open Web Interface for .NET (OWIN).

> * Is an evolution of the `Microsoft.Owin.*` libraries know as [Katana](/aspnet/aspnet/overview/owin-and-katana/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Has .NET Core compatible replacements for the `Microsoft.Owin.*` ([Katana](/aspnet/aspnet/overview/owin-and-katana/)) libraries.
```
